hi everyone and welcome to how to
program your now robot with Python
tutorial video number one on this reach
tutorial we're looking into the first
basic steps of how to use Python to
program your robot so you want to learn
the first steps of being a programming
robot genius then please stay tuned hi
guys i'm philip english from
robophil.com now in this video we're
going to teach you to how to begin
program you're now with python and now
can be programmed using several
programming languages including c++
matlab java LabVIEW and Python so
instead of using the drag-and-drop box
system core graph we are now going to
get on our robot to do some speech using
coding right hi guys and today we are
looking at how to do some Python coding
so we're gonna get our now robot to
speak using Python so the way we do this
jump is straight into it first of all we
always check on now so let me just lift
up his arm make sure he's connected yeah
there we go he's connected that's what
we want obviously yeah in the main robot
section as well he's all connected so
python so what we want to do is we first
want to create a box that we can put our
icing code into so if I go to if I right
click the main section box and go add
new box here we have the feature where
we can add boxes so in here we are going
to create a name so we're going to call
this now robot saying say box say that
so in the general description obviously
what it is and for a more detailed
description so this box will make our
robots speak in
speak hello hello I am a robot I say
that hello I am a robot there we go now
what we can do is obviously at the
moment it's got a sort of Python works
got a little triangle with image on
there at the moment now you can start to
input your own images I'm probably do
another tutorial where I'll show you how
to make a new image but for this one
we're just around the list so Gorgoroth
comes with a whole list of different
pictures that you can use so as you can
see now I believe there is a say one in
the interaction section and let's have a
look so you can use that one that's what
we're doing but that's a bit boring such
as you see something different you would
normally see so that's it use ball no I
do no particular reason why I just
because I want to show you how the
change the images in here so okay that
you can see that is now the main image
now if we go down to type it in or the
input and output so we come down to type
and before depending on what way which
way you'll viewing my tutorials it I've
shown you the timeline and the flow
diagram so this time we're having a look
at script so I go into the scripts and
we'll click OK and there we have on our
little box now if we click into it that
are we have the Python code so this is
this is where we're going to change or
you can see it sort of popped up there
so obviously one of the features of
choreograph is that you just doesn't
have to be it doesn't have to be set for
it can be in its own little box I do
actually want this separate which is
quite annoying there we go so just drag
it out so it separates just so I can
show you what's going on but yet if you
pick it up and hold hover over a
particular part of the of the
choreograph windows it will just pop in
there so you can have a bit more space
and if you using the main panel so what
we're going to do is we are going to
change some of the codes and when I get
over able to speak and the piece of code
that we want to have a look at is this
one here so this def on input app on
star itself so this is the one that we
need to alter to actually get our robot
to speak so what we're going to do
we're going to take out this past
section here and we're simply going to
cut type in tt yes
proxy equals alt proxy and then we're
going to bear with me guys what type
this all in all text-to-speech make sure
you get the McConnell's in there and
underneath that so we're going to put
TTS proxy dot say and this is where
we're going to add our comments in there
so I'm going to say hello I am a robot
and if I bill expression off in the end
and I'm gonna write so there we have
I'll just type that in there it's a very
easy basic tutorial to start with the
first line creates an object that gives
us access to the robot's text to speech
capabilities this objects is assigned to
the variable
TTS proxy we can access the object later
through the name TTS proxy so the top
line here which I'm song them out
obviously all speech is there the second
line calls a different function say
let's say they're long belonging to the
object we just created this function
takes an argument hello I am a robot and
then it uses a string or sequence of
characters now to double quoted marks
the wrote will speak the string that
will pass to the same method allowed so
obviously this is what we want to get a
robot to say down the bottom so very
very simple first sort of steps into
Python and choreograph now if we click
out of this it's in there if we connect
up to our robot as per normal but we
haven't got to have the mouse on because
we're just speaking here and it should
pop up here as well so then if we hit
play hello I am a robot so there we go
perfectly works in I played a head it
again hello I am the robot so again if
you want to go back in here and change
it you can extend it
out here I'm a robot called Philip and
did to the Jew and it would come out
again
hello I'm a robot
Lord Philip there we go so instead of
dragging in the normal say boxes and
typing into there and having sort of
lots of other boxes in there you can
just have simply have one box and this
is what the program in Python is all
about so having lots of drag drag boxes
in there you just have one box that has
all the codes you need so we sit on it
so it makes things tidy and neat and
also it makes the robot work a little
bit faster as well brilliant that's it
guys thanks very much
well done goal is you can now get your
now robot to talk by using your Python
programming skills and I have a play
risk behavior to see you can get your
now to say along the sentence or maybe
even sing a song have a play guys and
use your imagination if you like this
and want even more free video tutorials
news and information then please visit
us at Robo feel calm we can download the
latest free e-books and get insider
information and techniques of how to
become a robot expert now if you like
this - and want it's the next one in the
collection and please hit the subscribe
button if you update the latest videos
that come out please have a look below
as well where I put related links to
this videos as well as other information
about the now robot you have any
questions I want to see any other
relationships then please write me a
message in the comment section and I'll
see what I can do
thanks guys and I'll see you next time